Serval Mesh Privacy Policy
==========================
[Serval Project][], January 2013

This policy describes the handling of User Provided Information and Advertising
Material by the [Serval Project][] and its [Serval Mesh][] application for
Android.

What information does Serval Mesh obtain and how is it used?
------------------------------------------------------------

Serval Mesh obtains your chosen phone number and optionally a name (your
Provided Information) when first started.  Your Provided Information is stored
only on the device.  When using a Serval Mesh network, other devices will
receive your Provided Information and display it to identify you as part of
normal operation.

Serval Mesh creates a unique numeric identifier (Serval ID, aka SID) when first
started, and thereafter associates your Provided Information with that SID when
communicating with other devices on the Serval Mesh network.  The SID remains
unchanged even if you change your Provided Information.

Removing (un-installing) the Serval Mesh application from your device will
erase your Provided Information and SID.

Third parties do not receive and have no access to your Provided Information.

The Serval Project does not collect your Provided Information from the Serval
Mesh application.

The Serval Project may collect files shared using the Rhizome file distribution
service.

Data retention, managing your Provided Information
--------------------------------------------------

Your Provided Information remains on your device until you change or remove it.

Copies of files shared by the user using the Rhizome file distribution service
may be retained on other devices on the network indefinitely.

What advertising material does Serval Mesh display?
---------------------------------------------------

The Serval Project does not disseminate or display any advertising material via
Serval Mesh.

Children
--------

The Serval Project does not use Serval Mesh to knowingly solicit information
from or market to children under the age of 13.
 
Security
--------

Serval Mesh protects all voice call and MeshMS network traffic using Elliptic
Curve Cryptography.  Messages and calls can only be deciphered by the device
that generated the intended recipient's SID.

Physical security of the device remains the responsibility of the user.

Changes
-------

The Serval Project may update this Privacy Policy from time to time for any
reason.  The Serval Project will notify you of any changes to this Privacy
Policy by updating the [online Serval Mesh Privacy Policy][].  You are advised
to consult the online Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.

Your Consent
------------

By using Serval Mesh, consent to the Serval Project processing your Provided
Information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended in future.


[Serval Project]: http://www.servalproject.org/
[Serval Mesh]: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.servalproject
[online Serval Mesh Privacy Policy]: https://github.com/servalproject/batphone/blob/development/PRIVACY.md
